Victor Gridnevsky: Good evening,
Kamlesh Nagware: I. This is a hypothetical, or with many.
Kamlesh Nagware: Hello! Hello!
Kamlesh Nagware: Hello! This is the high call here Tc. Meeting, or which meeting?
Victor Gridnevsky: Yes, it is. It is a
Victor Gridnevsky: I don't think anybody did yet.
Kamlesh Nagware: Okay,
Kamlesh Nagware: so I think it's cancelled, or what
Victor Gridnevsky: i'm. Not sure. But sometimes
Victor Gridnevsky: uh, there is no notice.
Victor Gridnevsky: So let's wait for five or ten minutes and check.
Kamlesh Nagware: So So is it? Dsc: Right?
Kamlesh Nagware: Okay, Okay. Okay. So what is the idea of?
Kamlesh Nagware: Okay, So actually, uh,
Victor Gridnevsky: yes,